Jmv-749 upload s3 files (#1)
janis-commerce/sls-api-upload: README.md

[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/janis-commerce/sls-api-upload/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/janis-commerce/sls-api-upload?branch=master)

A package to handle JANIS FILE UPLOAD APIs.

## Installation
```sh
npm install @janiscommerce/sls-api-upload
```

## Usage SlsApiUpload Module
```js
'use strict';

const { SlsApiUpload } = require('@janiscommerce/sls-api-upload');

class MyApiUpload extends SlsApiUpload {
	get bucket() {
		return 'bucket-name';
	}

	get path() {
		return 'files/';
	}
}

module.exports = MyApiUpload;

```

### MyApiUpload

Request data example;

```js
{
	fileName: 'string' // file.JSON, file.png, etc
}
```

The following getters can be used to customize and validate your ApiUpload.

#### get bucket()

*Required*

This is used to indicate bucket where save the file.

```js
	...
	get bucket() {
		return 'bucket-name';
	}
	...
```

#### get path()

*Optional*

*Default=""*

This is used to indicate path where save the file

```js
	...
	get path() {
		return 'files/pdf/';
	}
	...
```

#### get availableTypes()

*Optional*

> *Default=[]*

Reviewer: Sería bueno aclarar acá que el default además de ser `[]` significa que acepta cualquier tipo de archivo. Sino parece que por default no acepta ninguno..

> This is use to indicate accepted types for upload to s3. Example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is used to indicate accepted types for upload to s3. Example:
```

```js
	...
	get availableTypes() {
		return ['application/json']
	}
	...
```

#### get expiration()

*Optional*

*Default=60*

> This is use to indicate expiration time for upload file in s3.(seconds)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is used to indicate expiration time for upload file in s3 (in seconds)
```

```js
	...
	get expiration() {
		return 120;
	}
	...
```

#### get lengthRange()

*Optional*

*Default=[1,10000000]*

This is use to indicate range of size for the files to upload to s3 in bytes.

```js
	...
	get lengthRange() {
		return [1, 20000000]; // 1byte - 20mb
	}
	...
```

> ## Usage SlsApiRelation Module

Reviewer: Ojota! Se llama `SlsApiFileRelation` el módulo exportado.

> Build you api for relationate file uploaded with some register.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Build your API to relate an uploaded file with some record.
```

```js
'use strict';

const { SlsApiRelation } = require('@janiscommerce/sls-api-upload');

class MyApiRelation extends SlsApiRelation {

> 	...

Reviewer: Falta info acá.
Hay que aclarar que va a validar automáticamente la data, y que al extender tenes que sí o sí implementar el `async process()`. Sino imposible adivinar cómo funciona.

Reviewer: También agregaría una explicación de qué es `fileName` (este es un poco más obvio) y `fileSource` (este imposible adivinarlo)
